Hey, I am in Destin, welcome back to Smarter Every Day.
In one of the last episodes I presented a legend with the bow.
It's from my native land and its name is Byron Ferguson.
He shot an aspirin in the air in a slow chamber.
But there is one thing that happened that I did not understand.
It was curving and it has to do with what is called the "archer's paradox."
What do you think, Byron?
- "The paradox of the archer is a demon for all the archers,
but there are ways to avoid it. "
Nothing bad
Well, then I went to Smarter Every Day,
understand me how to curve an arrow
and what is called the "paradox of the archer".
A paradox is a situation concerning two things with a contradictory nature.
Well, what is the archer's paradox?
What are the two things that the archer must fix?
My friend John told me this way.
Suppose this walnut is the bow
and that this is the line of the arc rope.
If we take an arrow and place it on our arch and stretch it,
and if we are trying to give that goal there,
See what happens.
As we release the rope and it approaches the bow
-and hear this.
the fact that the arch is halfway between us and the goal,
causes the arrow to deviate is a different direction.
So how can we achieve that goal, when our girlfriend is pointing there?
This is the paradox of the archer, because we know that they really fit goals like this.
Toy designers are cheaters: they do not face the paradox, they simply avoid it.
For example, the person who designed this suction cup arch,
It does not pass by the handle,
directly through the middle.
See this!
The person outside that designed this arc, instead of aligning itself with the own arch,
the rope is compensated for this great rail.
In this way, the rope is always pushing towards the dart.
So how does an archer handle to solve this problem?
That's how: they do not use a completely rigid arrow like that,
they have a flexible arrow like this one.
Do you see when it vibrates? Do you see these nodes?
This is important.
Look at that As we put this arrow in the bow and shoot,
As we move towards the bow, the fact of being accelerating the arrow
It causes generating voltage energy, causing this great curvature.
This curvature then returns to the other direction once it has bent to a certain point
and see what we have.
We need that the arrow is curving around the bow.
When we let loose, something interesting happens.
Snake around the bow, this way
and you are able to fly all the way to the goal.
Then the paradox of the archer is the fact that you have an arc between you and the goal
and yet you are able to surround the bow.
"The first thing that happens is that the arrow is bent by the pressure of the rope
and the front of the arrow is on the opposite side of the arch platform.
As you move away from the bow, or you have left it behind,
bends in the opposite direction.
Wherever these two are crossed, it determines where the arrow will fly.
One hundred percent of the time, the arrow will fly where these two points cross, where they point.
So if one had been here, then the arrow would fly to the left.
If I had been here, I would fly to the right.
We want these two to be directly aligned towards the goal. "
- "I understand. Then the fact that it bends helps to skirt the rest of the arrow
without losing the angle, as if it were a straight line. "
- "Correct."
- "You are pushing the rope directly to the handle, but somehow it happens around the handle.
- "Exact."
- "Yes, and is it with the curvature with what he does?"
- "Exactly."
Very well, my colleague Sander shoots with a compound arc.
Do you do anything with a long bow, right?
- "I have one, but I do not get very well."
- "Well, what's the challenge here?"
- "In a compound, there are many more things in progress, in a compound.
There are more things that can go wrong, too,
but there are some advantages if they work. "
-"If."
- "In a compound, you see that it is cut through the middle, you have it"
- "Oh, the platform is not fixed, is this what you say?"
- "Yes, then the arrow travels straight, it does not have to surround the platform."
-"OK."
- "And many people shoot with a swing platform, so it will fall.
When I stretch out the arch, a cord tied to one of the strings of the arch raises it "
- "Fantastic!"
"- focus the arrow, and if you have it aligned and square,
your arrow is good and leveled, then, when you shoot, that arrow falls ... the rest will fall "
- "Well, shoot, shoot. Let's do it. Oh no, wait, let's zoom".
- "Hang on, I'm looking at the platform, it will fall, right?
-"Very fast!"
- "OK, I'm ready.
Uncle, that is very quick.
So the arrow is touching the platform when it happens? "
-"A little." -"For real?"
- "Because it falls, but no, I mean, immediately, it's down when the arrow passes."
- "Then the goal is, you do not have to bend around the platform,
but still the arrow doubles, right?
- "Yes, it bends, and that is important for the straightness of the flight of the arrow."
Is not that interesting? But there's something else here.
Byron Ferguson is able to predict the oscillation of the arrow so well,
That is able to give an aspirin with a vibrant arrow, this way.
It's going through one of two. a) he knows some science that we do not;
ob) is a wizard and all that is black magic.
- "Very well, the rigidity of an arrow is what feeds your spine, right?
And what's the thorn, Byron? "
- "The rigidity of an arrow."
- "Oh, sure!
Then is this your spine meter? "
- "This is the spine meter, now prepared to measure the flexion of a carbon arrow."
-"OK."
- "Well, we have a free two-wire weight and an arrow with 26 inches."
- "And we read within the scale here, to see how much it bends."
- "So, do you test all your arrows before firing, in order to normalize the paradox?"
- "Exactly, I want all the arrows to have the same rigidity."
- "And that's how you're able to get things right like an aspirin?"
- "It's a part, yes."
- "There is a small part of skill.
If it's out of tolerance, do not you even put it in your room? "
- "That's all those."
- "Really? Really? Do you have a box of things that you do not shoot?"
- "Yes, they are too far from tolerable."
- "Really? It's fantastic. People asked the last video - that arrow was bending too much -
they said, "how do you measure this?" and how you measure this is that you know the exact spine of the arrow. "
- "Exactly."
- "It's fabulous. It's very good information. So that's not magic, is it science?"
-"Of couse."
- "It's fabulous."
Byron uses science to normalize the oscillation of his arrows.
But leaving it aside, here's a bit of witchcraft, right?
Because at a certain distance from your bow,
you still have to know the band of the bow so it will oscillate.
And then you have to align it with an aspirin.
This is a very good shot.
To fully appreciate this complicated feature, I will make a complicated shot of myself, using my Phantom Miro.
I hope you enjoyed this episode of Smarter Every Day, it has been sponsored by Harrys.com.
Harry's makes shavings to be subscribed, they are of very good quality.
I went for the same price as the old leaves I used to use.
I no longer need my old leaves, so in Byron it will help me get rid of them.
If you're interested in getting a Harry's blade - today I shaved myself with one -
go to Harrys.com and use the "Smarter" promotion code.
- "What will you try?"
- "I will try to give it down here, on the neck part."
- "Will you take it there?"
- "I will cut my head."
- "Perfect.
Very well, I will record it with the Phantom v711. Hope you're right, it would be fabulous!
You have done it!
I knew you would, but you did!
It's the first shot, Byron! "
- "Fortunately!"
- "Whatever you want, man!"
Very well, let's go. If you want to support Smarter Every Day,
go to Harrys.com, use the "Smarter" promotion code,
Get a discount for some leaves. Thank you for supporting Smarter Every Day,
Please, consider subscribing and thank you as always, Byron.
- "Can I take Harry's leaves too?"
-"If you can!"
I'm in Destin, you're getting smart every day, have a good one. He has given him a truth!
BEEP
- "Do your own arrow tips, right?
- "Uh, no, I designed the head, but it's done in Austria.
- "This is what is called a destructive test."
"Mother, it has not broken, man! It was not broken! It was not broken!
- "Did you think I would do this?" - "I hoped that you do it."